Feature/issue429 (#442)
magento/merchdocs: src/customers/customer-groups.md

      ![]({% link images/images/stores-customer-group-assign.png %}){: .zoom}
      _Assign a Customer Group_

> ## To relate a group of customers to specific discounts:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## To relate a group of customers to specific discounts
```

1. On the _Admin_ sidebar, go to **Marketing** > **Cart Price Rules**.

> 1. Create a New Rule or Edit an existing rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a new rule or edit an existing rule.
```

> 1. Create a New Rule or Edit an existing rule.

Author: Hello @meker12 , I sent a new commit with the corrections as your suggestion. Thank you!

> 1. Set which customer groups the rule will be used to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select the customer groups the rule will apply to.
```

    ![]({% link images/images/stores-customer-group-discounts.png %}){: .zoom}
      _Customer Group to Specific Discounts_

> 1. When complete, click <span class="btn">Save</span>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click <span class="btn">Save</span>.
```

      ![]({% link images/images/stores-customer-group-assign.png %}){: .zoom}
      _Assign a Customer Group_

## To associate a group of customers with specific discounts

1. On the _Admin_ sidebar, go to **Marketing** > **Promotions** > **Cart Price Rules**.

1. Select the cart price rule with the discount to apply, or [create a new price rule]({% link marketing/price-rules-catalog.md %}).

1. Select the customer groups the rule will apply to.

    ![]({% link images/images/stores-customer-group-discounts.png %}){: .zoom}
      _Customer Group to Specific Discounts_

1. Click <span class="btn">Save</span>.

> _**Note:**_ You can also use Advance pricing to apply product discounts to customer groups. See [Advanced pricing]({% link catalog/product-price-group.md %}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{:.bs-callout-info}
You can also use Advance pricing to apply product discounts to customer groups. See [Advanced pricing]({% link catalog/product-price-group.md %}).
```
